sale_stock_operating_unit/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-LGPLv3-blue.svg
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html
   :alt: License: LGPL-3

===============================
Operating Unit in Sales
===============================

This module was written to extend the Sales capabilities of Odoo.
This module introduces the operating unit to the Sales Order.
Security rules are defined to ensure that users can only display the
Sales Orders in which they are allowed access to.


Configuration
=============

Go to 'Settings / Technical / Actions / User-defined Defaults' and remove
the default set for the Shop.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/213/7.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/operating-unit/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.


Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Eficent Business and IT Consulting Services S.L. <contact@eficent.com>
* Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. <support@serpentcs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[MIG] sale_stock_operating_unit to v10.

sale_stock_operating_unit/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-LGPLv3-blue.svg
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html
   :alt: License: LGPL-3

=============================
Operating Unit in Sales Stock
=============================

This module was written to extend the Sales and the Stock capabilities of Odoo.
This module introduces some new operating unit (OU) capabilities in order to
enhance the performance of already existing OU features for Sales and Stock.

Configuration
=============

Go to 'Settings / Technical / Actions / User-defined Defaults' and remove
the default set for the Shop.

Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/213/10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/operating-unit/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.


Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Eficent Business and IT Consulting Services S.L. <contact@eficent.com>
* Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. <support@serpentcs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
